REQUIREMENTS SMARTPHONE APP
The user can visualize the data in more detail respect to the public interface.
This is useful to confront singles variables with respect to the nearest station with a map, or to a have a quick history of variables in time.
If the smartphone reach the range of the beacon nfc proper to all station, a notification will be sent to the smartphone, advising the user of the approach to the station and if the critical variables are dangerously high or not(with respect to mean), changing the default station we want to visualize into that particular one.

INTERACTION
At the opening of the app, three things can happen
    1) The user is not in the proximity of a eco station, so a map will be visualized with the nearest ecostation(1-2 km range) and the user will choose what station visualize
    2) The user is near a station, presses the notification, the app will open up and the air condition activity of that particular  will open up
    3) The user is near a station, opens the app in the standard way and a popup will show up(You are near to "Alfa ecostation", connect to it?).

There will be three main pages, the Location activity, the air condition activity and the Weather activity
In the actual Weather activity we want to visualize
-Time(Hour/Season)
-Pressure
-Luminosity
-Rain
-Temperature
-Wind speed and direction
Air condition activity
-CO2 ppm
-Air humidity
In the location one
-Location Name and station name 
-Location height(level from the sea)
-location type of terrain
-location surronding enviroment

We use a lot of Icon representation for simplify the variables and how the user can immediately guess the meaning of all the data.
The charts we are going to use in the smartphone apps are:
-Histogram charts
-Gauge charts
-Map chart
-Line chart

The most important data that we thought as most important and provide some more information and history on the lecture are:
CO2 ppm
Air humidity
Wind speed 
Temperature
Rain
The histogram chart and Line chart will be visualized after having clicked on the gauge charts of a variable, another "activity" will be visualized with the istogram of the variable in a 15 day timespan and a line chart 
with the lecture of the other near station(always 1-2 km in range) and the selected one(confrontation).
To se the possible relation between different variables the technical application is suggested.

CHARTS
GAUGE CHART
The gauge chart is used to give an easy and pretty visualization to the raw data of the variables.
The max gauge will max value registered by the eco station in history for that parameter(for temperature will be the max related to the season, in order to have a more clear representation of that particular variable)

HISTOGRAM CHART
It's used to have a clear view of the behaviour of that particular variable in a certain timespan(can go from hours to days, can't say for sure what will be the most useful at the moment).
Of course data like pressure which is not subjected to clear changes and useless data like time or season will not be visualized

Line chart
It will be visualized with the Histogram chart.
This confronts the different lectures of that particular variable in the SAME exact moment but in different days(Let's say that i open the app at 2:30 PM, this will show the last lectures (which are periodic).If i wanna confront these same lectures with other stations
and have a days timespan, I have to take the lectures of the exact same lecture but done the day before).
This might get out of hand when there are four or more station near by but given the kind of data the station is checking, it's highly improbable that situation will present.

MAP CHART
This is just to select the station from which we want to visualize the data from, each station has a cursor that has as id the name of the station.




